i want to be able to be myself
[Music]
diversity in front of the camera is not
enough it's about who's behind the
scenes
about who's pulling the strings
people should not be judged by the
colour of their skin but by the content
of their character
when people see themselves and they feel
represented they engaged
[Applause]
[Music]
yes they have a perception of us
that ultimately is
[Music]
[Applause]
so you can change things this is your
[Music]
[Applause]
choice
it's about thinking long we've got a
long way to go you know let's go
[Applause]
cdx a two-day virtual experience shape
the narrative
july 28th and 29th streaming live at bbc
dot co uk
cdx